# Interview

## Introduction

### Personal information 

Ok, First let me introduce myself.

My name is wanghao, you can call me Matthew, a boy who was born in May 1995(nineteen ninety five), and I came from a countryside where locate in XinYang of HeNan province, and it is very close to HeFei, about 200(two hundreds) kilometers away.

I studied in LiShui University, majoring in network engineering, a second-level subject under computer science from June in 2014(twenty fourteen) to 2018(twenty eighteen)。

After graduation, I worked in Hangzhou ShenHao Technology Company Limited to develop program related with robot by using C and C++. From July in 2020 to October in 2021 I was empolyed in Kylin Software Limited as a C++ development engineer use C++11(C++ version eleven) to develop an office software, called zhongbiaopuhua Office Software,which is based on the open source library called liboffice. From November 2021 to the present, I have joined Aptiv and am reponsibile for  the development of intelligent cockpit related modules, including Camera, Radar and Tuner.

### Advantage and Disadvantage
// Todo

### What hobbies do you usually have ?
1. I swim a lot, as company helps us get a gym membership card, where I taught myself to swim last year.
2. I also like cycling very much, and cycling around the lake is very nice in a good weather day I think.

## Projects
### Robot Development in Hangzhou ShenHao Technology Company Limted
1. In Hangzhou ShenHao Technology Company Limted，I use C/C++ to the development work related to robots, specifically, to develop the background program to control the robot under the Ubuntu operating system. 
2. When the program is started, read the initial information from the database, and then control the robot to drive to the designated position, and perform some specific tasks, such as taking photos, measuring the temperature, detecting whether the gas leakage, and so on. Then save the results of the task to the database.

### Office Software Development in Kylin Software Company
1. In Kylin Software Company, The projects that our department is reponsible for is an office software, and its name is zhongbiaopuhua office software. The name may not translated properly, but it's not matter
2. This software is based on an open source library called liboffice. We use C++ 11 version for secondary development and migrate the functionality of the old version to the new version we are developing. I am responsible for developing the content related to the text in the document, such as drawing lines around the text, text color and text style modification, and so on.

### Intelligent cockpit Development in Aptiv
1. In Aptiv, I am responsible for developing functions related intelligent cockpit, including Radar, Camera, and Tuner. There are two operating system in our board, which are Android and Qnx. The function request is generated by the user clicking on the screen, and then sent to the Hal layer through the frameworks layer, and then sent to the service program on the QNX side through the cross-system protocol VIP.
2. The Service program in the QNX system will handle the corresponding requirements accroding to the request, such as reading and writing configuration parameters, call the hardware device to respond to the request, and finally return the processed result data to the top layer service, and display the results on the scrren interacting with the user.
3. The code of Camera and Radar modules is running in the same program, and I am reponsible for the development of Qnx side functions, docking with my colleagues on the Android side. Radar related functions include radar icon display, reversing radar distance warning and so on. Camera realted functions include 360 looking around, reversing image and so on.
4. The development, or maintenance, only lasted about a year, due to the departure of my colleague in charge of Tuner, I took over Tuner until now. Tuner a little bit simple, so from Android to Qnx is responsible for all content. Tuner request from the screen application, to the Frameworks layer service process, to the Qnx side service process, and then to operate the Tuner chip, such as Dirana3, Salib, Sabre, to complete the request. /*Todo*/Finally to the chip received data directly the DPS moudle to Audio, and then through the speaker play the audio, complete the function of Tuner.

### Introduce the most impressive difficulties encountered in the work and how to solve them
// Todo

## Reasons for resignation

### The reason why I leave from my first job.
1. My first job was paid so little that I have no saving other than renting or eating. I need to switch to a higher job to make my life more secure.

### The reason why I came to Beijing
1. For the first 20 years of my life, I rarely had opportunity to visit other places, except my hometown and the city where I studied, so I chose to go to Beijing at my age of 24, since I have enough passion to explore new things and to Beijing to see something I ever seen before.

### The reason why I leave from my second job.
1. The department changed a new business, a project to store documents online, and asked me to do work related to Web development, which I am not interested in, so after helping them to complete the first version, I chose to leave.

### The reason why I came to Suzhou
2. I chose to go to Beijing just to broad my horizons, to go to a distant city to meet some new friends, to visit the captial to see the north of the motherland. Now after a year and a half of living in Beijing, my goal had been achieved, and I think the life in beijing and my personality are not match, it is too busy and there is no possibility for me to settle down in Beijing, Simply I left Beijing, /*Todo*/to live more suitable for Suzhou.
3. I am a person who likes to sparate work and life. I work hard at work time and enjoy life after work, going swimming, cycling, reading books, and going to concerts. But in Beijing, there is no life, you will work at work time, and after work, you will only want to lie in bed to play mobile phone, and don't desire to do anything else. I am not only one who has this feeling, but also my other friends in Beijing. Moreover, the friends I have known in Beijing have left there in recent years and gone to various places that they like. But until now, I still think that Beijing is still worth living for a period of time, when people was young.

### The reason why do you want to change work this time?
1. The first reason is that I want to spend more time with my grandparents, so I need to take a new job closer to home. In fact, the last time I changed my job, about 2021, I had already seen Hefei opportunities, but there are no suitable one.
2. Since the begining of last year, I have been following the recruitment of Volkswagen China in Hefei. Gernerally speaking, I am still very happy to attend this interview.

### The reason why you choose Volkswagen.
1. First HeFei is a suitable city for me to settle down in, as I said before
2. Second, I am very willing to work with excellent people, as one of the best automobile in the world, employees who can work in Volkswagen have at least some excellent aspects to learn from.